# Full description

## 🧱 Creating a better future

BookinChain aims to build a fluid and dynamic environment that creates a network effect related to books, involving four main actors, through a gamification mechanism called “read to win”, including social and economic incentives. The core business of BookingChain offers to the writer the possibility of tokenizing his book, also allowing the supply adjustment of the piece, at the same time, gives to readers the prerogative to access books from the platform library, beyond the possibility to buy an NFT book on the marketplace. The first user is the author, who is the writer of the books published on the platform, getting the benefits of improving the growth of his audience, interacting in a chat with the readers that have bought his NFT books, once the user has paid with our utility token $BIN to unlock this perk. The second one is the membership subscriber, which is the user that bought the BookinChain membership, the NFT is designed to give access to the platform library, allowing them to rent books at a maximum of 10 NFT books at the same time, until returning one or more to get access to other books. In addition, the membership subscriber can receive tokens through the gamification mechanism implemented on the platform, which is designed to stimulate the reading habit by giving readers the BookinChain utility token $BIN. The third one is the free account user, that is the person who does not pay for library access but has the possibility to read books already considered as public domain, being able to rent books at a maximum of 3 NFT books at the same time, until returning one or more to get access to other books. Furthermore, the free account user can get tokens through the gamification mechanism implemented on the platform, which is designed to stimulate the reading habit by granting readers the BookinChain utility token $BIN. The fourth user is the scholar, who are people in economic and social vulnerability starting from LATAM awarded with BookinChain membership NFT. Such as paying subscribers, scholars have full access to the platform library, including authorial and public domain books, at the same rental model and conditions. In addition, the scholar is allowed to participate in the platform gamification mechanism, being able to get the BookinChain utility token $BIN. The utility token $BIN allows the token holder to unlock some benefits, such as use to unlock chat conversations with their favorite authors, receive tickets for events and airdrops of rare NFT books according to the gamification achievements. The BookinChain tokenomics settles the stablecoin $DAI as a mean of BookinChain membership NFT acquisition. Part of that revenue will fund the utility token $BIN treasury pool, which will be used to achieve the roadmap milestones, while the other part will be distributed periodically amongst the authors, the team, and the scholarship program fund. In addition, the more significant part of the revenue from NFT books listed by the authors sold in the platform marketplace will be shared with them, getting the rest of the revenue shared with the platform treasury, scholarship program, and team.
